Garrett is keagans husband, and was on the way to kelvins cairn. kelvins cairn is an 8 hour journey by sled/bird.
Keagan suggested to stop in caer-konig since thats where he stopped.
Cinder is trying to go to talk to Naerth for some mission he won't tell us about.

luskin arm - The inn, oldest building in town sad owner.
Three Flags Sailing - the tavern.
Triglio - a general store, sells everything but fishing equipment based off an old fishing song.

Bremen is blocked by a snow storm for at least two days.

We go to the inn meet the inn keep, he's very sad, bald and old.

The Innkeeper goes up to look for Naerth eventually comes back and says he will see Cinder. Second room.

Karnon and Zin stay in the lobby, the rest go up.

The room is pretty nice.

The Innkeepers name is Owen Tarsenal

Owen shares a triglio fishing song with me! Adding it to my list of songs.

red tiefling comes in and asks cinder if he's looking for work. Asks for his credentials.

Vera asks about the types of jobs, he suggests that the jobs might not be suited for someone of the church.

Asks how they would feel about killing. Cinder says their not against it.

I ask owen about the speaker, he says he's keeping the town a float.

Naerth came from the south, has a lot of contacts, very charismatic.

Scath head military officer, is who they were really talking about.

We meet Naerth, he tells us he's a business man and is not very lawful, deals with people who get the job done.

Pulls out a black shard of glass

Shardolin glass, possible bad luck.

All the people who are in his way are wearing this glass.

He wants to be the leader of Ten Towns.

Every weapon or amulet of glass we bring we get 20g. don't touch, no time frame.

The people using this stuff and the people tempting people to use it are very strong.

Doesn't think it has to do with the frostmaiden.

Naerth says he's from luskin

Says he's from a group that is looked down on in these parts.

Can bring them to him directly or call glass.

Cinder has the sending stone, a black gold coin!

Glass was waiting for us outside his office.

Karnon gives owen the golden goblet from the church in brynshandir

We head to the Triglio (General Store).

Tall skinny dude is the shop keep, doesn't seem to like us, everything is marked up 20%.

We head to Kelvins Cairn, stop into brynshandir, stop in and see Elza.

Elza tells us torga sent people to tell us to not do business with us.

We shop, and then continue on to Kelvins cairn.

we see a door around 6pm to our left I go through the door, and we closed the door. Vera closed the door, Zin threw a snow ball through.

We approach Caer denavil.

We can avoid going through the town and go around the lac danashir.

we arrive at carin karnig

Trovis the town speaker jumps out drunk thinking were thieves.

He trys to show us where the inn is.

leads us into the Northern light, the inn.

There is a woman at the counter. Ally, the love of my life.

She tells us garrett came in with a tall fellow, short girl and a tiefling. A couple days ago.

They have gone up to the mountain.

We can hire a guide from frozen far. 2 gold per.

Dwarves coming down and stealing the towns stuff.

No Chwingas here.

Took a lantern and other things.

Ally says if we return the lantern we will always have a bed.

Cori is the other girl. 

They give us rooms for the night.

Cinders chest has bump on his chest now.

I perform a ritual for my god before bed

Zin goes outside to look around

The rest of us go too sleep

hook line and sinker has a friendly owner gives us ale at the door.

The owners name is Glen.

He feeds us.

Jarthra is someone one should look for.

we head to frozen far to look for jarthra.

Atennis tells us Jarthra will be in shortly, will charge 2-5g per day. Atennis is the owner of the frozen far.

Atennis tells us to be careful.

Goliath on a pilgrammage.

left 3-5 days ago.

Need to be careful about yeti's, crag cats, and mountain goats.

Jarthra agrees to take us for 5g a day.

We go to look for their base camp

Zin and Karnon notice footprints in the snow.

vera notices the tracks stopped at sled tracks pulled by large huminoid feet.

Large tracks might be an ogre.

We decide to go to the basecamp instead.

We make it to the basecamp area, we find an overturned sled with 5 dogs attached to it. 12 rations.

Boy recognizes the other dogs.

We take the rations. and release the dogs back to town.

We notice tracks that might resemble the make up of the party we were looking for.

Karnon asks Jarthra about following the tracks.

We decide to follow the older tracks

Boy heads up after the tracks.

We see 4 mountain goats. we move on.

We were hit by an avalanche, after we escape the snow we see a bloody body and boy runs up too him.

We learn that this is garrett.

He says his team was chased by a yeti.

Garrett has a broken leg and 6 hp left.

The goliath would fight the yeti.

Jarthra offers to take garrett down.

We arrive at the cave mouth, 15ft tall.

As we are deciding what to do, two crag cats surprise us.

We defeat the Crag cats.

We step inside the cave.

Ice path to the left, sturdy bridge to the right.

we take the path to the left, we see above on a ledge a yeti and its child, the child playing with a halfling.

We decide to attempt to distract them with a minor illusion and arrows.

They do not move when we distract them. The baby hides behind it's mom.

We offer the crag cat bodies to the yeti's as a trade. 

The Yeti's move to the cat's and we try to pull the halfling out of the cave.

We go to leave the cave and the father yeti comes home and the fight begins.

Karnon goes down after pushing the yeti back, cinder flys up, the halfling grabs a weapon from zin and attacks the yeti and misses. 

Zin shoots an arrow into it's head and the yeti falls.

We travel up the mountain to find the tiefling and we do.

The tiefling claims they don't feel cold anymore and feel fine.

We are suspicious of this and think maybe something has happened to them.

We are traveling down the mountain.

We reach the bottom of the mountain and go our separate ways, asterix and the tiefling claim to be returning to Easthaven.

we hear parloo says what are you holding.

Tiefling is holding something in their right hand, a piece of black glass.

We attempt get the glass from them but do not succeed.

We head back to the tavern, all the dogs and Garrett are there.

Cinder is looking for a powerful mage.

Vera uses Lay on hands on Cinder, an egg pushes it's way out of his skin and it dissolves, theres a dead lizard on the grounds.