We are still at the Northern Light Inn. Dan gets a raven named; Eira. Jeff gets a slim penguin named; Quinn. We decide to go Targos (8-hour journey). Dan casts a spell to throw snowballs at us. Dan talks to his familiar about this life Eira doesn’t know much. We arrive Brynshander. We go to the The North Look. Dan is trying to pickpocket (he gets stuff) and Scramsax said if he gets caught, he’ll send him under the bus. Scramsax said there were two girls looking for Jeff. Scramsax said Glass and other girl was wearing black. Scramsax said Jen needs to go to the church because there is a letter there for her. Mishana tells Jen about the letter. We want to go to Black Iron Blades to get our stuff apprised. Elza said she would buy the pearls from us if we want. We arrive at Targos at 8 pm. We are at Kegan and Garrett’s house. They gave us a care package. I got a whale carving. Kegan said we could crash if we want. We have a dream; Hannah sends us all a picture.



 Jen and Dan give is Naerth their glass necklaces and they get some money. Naerth said he uses it for protection. Naerth will pay us to deliver a letter to Speaker Briggman. It is 10AM and we made it to Bremen. Tally tells us about monster in the lake Maer Dualdon. Tally wants us to take notes about the monster if we see it. We arrive to the church in Bremen. I drop the herbs and write a letter. We go back to the dock and get everything we need. We set sail. A plesiosaurus appears and takes damage to our boat. The plesiosaurus said that he is “listening” and it has to attack to keep its power. Ravison is the person that gave him his power a year ago and that he must guard the lake. The frost maiden doesn’t want people to be on the lake because she wants to make them suffer. We got 17 fish! Jeff talks to Grynsk about the price of the fish. We get 75 copper for the fish. Tally was thankful for the information; he gave us 1 gold each and an animal friendship scroll. We go to the local tavern named The Buried Treasure. We deliver the letter to Speaker Briggman (from Naerth). Jeff talks to Cora (lady that works at the tavern). We are talking about our dreams. I might of saw the frost maiden in my dream. Kris said he saw one big eye. Jen saw multiple eyes. Cora said she has a named Huarwar and got frost bitten. He began to change. The old castle in Caer-Dineval is where Cora thinks someone took Huarwar. We go back the church and I collect my reward. We are outside. Jeff decides to walk into a random person’s house because his lantern told him too. We see a chwiga footprints in the snow and decide to follow the path. Jeff cast a spell; a real burger appears where they are playing kitchen. We can’t really communicate with the chwings but we sit down a play kitchen with them. Jeff takes one chwiga and carries it in a baby carrier. We decide to go to Brynshander (5 hours). We go to The North Look and talk to Scramsax. Danka Greysteel gives us gold for bringing her a chwinga. 
